# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2020-06-16

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/94

## Present
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)



## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Discuss foundation TC39 delegate expectations [#84](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/84)

Myles: There’s a difference of opinions at the moment, such that I don’t think we’re going to reach consensus. We’ll need to move forward with people acting in good faith in the position they have. There’s so much going on that we don’t have time to discuss every single issue.

It’s possible that someone can raise an issue as a pre-meeting, potentially topics that are controversial, which we can come to consensus on before moving forward with a meeting.

How much consensus do we need before moving on with decisions under general agreement without getting into too much process? The blocks in tc39 are very particular to a specific organization, in OpenJS – we need to answer the questions as to how we want to do this in our own regard.

Brian: We’re very in the weeds on what you can or can’t do. If you’re in the room and you can wear multiple hats, you can speak up all along the way and be very clear as to which hat you’re wearing at the time. So, how do we communicate, and can we build consensus? Are there ways that we can come to consensus on with a wider voice of the openjs community. I agree with Myles.

Sendil: I agree too. Bringing the discussions down before going to any particular standards body is good. If we need to we can formalize it later rather than discussing it now.

Eemeli: We haven’t been clear – there ought to be an expectation on delegates for them to actively let us know what’s going on in other bodies. Tc39 is the only one we’ve only been actively discussing hear in the standards WG. Are there other things we need to talk about in the Standards group right now?

Brian: We’ve had multiple areas of interest across many standards bodies. For example, I’ve been involved in the CSS WG – and we care about it, but we can’t bring all the concerns of that body to this group.

Sendil: Is there any historic precedent for us, and/or any info as to how we can operate in this way? In the past, was there a standards body that has been through this before? Can we leverage their experience? 

Robin: Many organizations will have this in order to make business decisions across orgs, etc.

Myles: At google we had pre meetings like this, and this is a good way to handle this sort of thing. Maybe we can have people sign up for a mailing list where we are setting up clarity for anyone and any project who wants to be involved. Our reps who represent OpenJS need to focus on representing the foundation and the consensus that we’ve built to those organizations.

Robin: Our staff can help with the community resources, and we’d love to stay informed on what’s happening and where change is needed.

Donovan: We don’t have guidelines for delegates. Is there a document for expectations of delegates anywhere? Communicating through email lists, etc, is what I’d expect of delegates.

Sendil: If we can extend our document to reflect that, it would be a good decision.

Brian: We also have i18n, and 402, and Embedded, and other things in ECMA etc, and other stuff delegates are interested in – testing, privacy, ietf, etc. Do we need a single catch all list for everything? Are we working on expectations for tc39 as a starting point?

Myles: I hope that a lot of the guidance that we have should be clear across orgs. We should have a document about how we support organizations. We could have a folder or structure to reflect in documenting our interactions with each org. What’s the decision making, how do you get involved with a project. Maybe we could use our Wiki for this?

Brain: But how do we keep up with standards and projects, do we do a pre meeting, etc? We don’t want a firehose?

Ben: What’s our scope per standards body that we wish to discuss at each Standards meeting? In other words, how much & what does our Foundation care about needing to know?

Myles: What is appropriate, what makes sense? Maybe there’s something we need to formalize with this Liaison role? Something we can surface per liaison, and within the foundation – what is the way we represent what matters per organization to the Foundation?

If you represent a standards body here within the Standards WG, are a liaison, etc: please add your name to this list.

* Request to participate in TC39 as OpenJS delegate [#83](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/83)

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


