# OpenJS Foundation Standards Team Meeting 2020-03-10

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNo-Thqz_wc
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/65

## Present

* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Brian Kardell (@bkardell)
* Sendil Kumar N (@sendilkumarn)
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)


## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Participation in the Unicode MessageFormat WG [#64](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/64)
  * Robin: Legal team approved. Waiting for final approval from the consortium.
  * Myles: Relatedly, is there any updated on the OSI?
  * Robin: This is in a similar state, no status update at the moment. Will checkin with OSI.
  * AI: remove the agenda label.
* Standards-related Travel Budget Clarification - [#6](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/6)
  * Jory: The issue is stale. We moved past other conversations. 
  * Myles: Projects may sign in to vouch for travel. The CPC will eventually approve the travel request. 
  * AI: remove the agenda label. 
* Request to attend TC39 as OpenJS delegate [#66](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/66)
  * Myles: Gus attended TC39 before (both remotely and in-person). He is technically on-boarded. Appreciate that he took part in the process.  Does anyone have objections?
  * Jordan: No objections. (he is qualified). Gus is not a regular member, can he attend?
  * Myles: Empower those who want to attend.
  * Jordan: Thanks.
  * Jory: Encourage other folks to do. Getting early feedback and sharing this will be awesome.
  * Myles:  Do you (Richard) think it is reasonable to ask the delegate representation to be permanent? 
  * Richard: There is a lot of value in those. If Gus wanted to attend regularly that makes sense. It is also nice if he wants to focus.  
  * Jordan: Even with one delegate it makes sense. If there are multiple delegates they have to coordinate between them but it is also good to have. 
  * Myles: Some of this topics might be sensitive, it would have been better to do it privately first. Explore the governance and make it part of the process for this discussion.
  * AI: Edit Governance to accommodate the above text. 
* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)
  * Myles: CPC is in process to review. There is a PR in CPC (https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/443). Once that lands. 
  * The scope is outlined here - https://hackmd.io/kkjTah1XTh2-ubcKLxQD4Q. Review this and make a PR. 
  * Myles: going through the https://hackmd.io/kkjTah1XTh2-ubcKLxQD4Q
  * Jordan: preference for the 1st paragraph
  * Removed the second para
  * Myles: Does anyone object to the responsibility? 
  * (all): none
  *    ---
  * Eemeli: Should we preemptively include Michael Dawson’s Working Group initiative. Meeting about effectively creating WG and be in charge of the space for standards. 
  * Myles: It is about more ad-hoc groups. Standards is one of those areas. What is the relationship between that group and our group. In WASM, CG is where work happens and WG is administrative. It might be premature for us to document. It might be possible if Standards WG is spin up, we might then draft something on how both should work.
  * Eemeli: ---
  * Myles: Maybe a good litmus test, would anyone will be concerned about affiliation with a group for direct engagement
  * Robin: Can you elaborate more on the direct engagement
  * Brian: You have to clear when you are representing the foundation. Wearing multiple hats.
  * Myles: describing the spaces (when there is a difference of opinions and disagreements). This group is responsible for facilitating that.
  * Jordan: delegates from the same company disagreed and they handled it beforehand. But it did not happen correctly in the past.
  * Robin: It has to be open and transparent. 
  * Brian: Perhaps one aspect, gauge and provide opportunities for internal consensus seeking. We don’t have any example or any possible process. It would be pretty powerful if we have single voice
  * Myles: People having individual voices is also important. Each of these hats is extremely important and we should facilitate that.
  * Richard: Do we have any thoughts on the mechanism?
  * Myles: ---
  * Richard: OpenJS sends multiple delegates and they focus on different items.
  * Myles: It is situational here.  (explaining with a few examples)
  * Myles: may be there is an educational angle here. (ordering the resp.)
  * Myles: the scope document will live in the CPC not in standards. (going through the member-expectations document)
  * Myles: create an auto populated issue template from member expectations.
  * Brian: W3C has the AC role. It seems it will be good if some of them come to standards Group. 
  * (No objections for the edited document)
  * Myles: Will @ the standards team when the document is PR’ed into the CPC. (no objections).


## Q&A, Other

 No questions :)

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


