# OpenJS Foundation Standards Team Meeting 2020-01-28

## Links

* **Recording**: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkKCCs9QIY4
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/61

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

* Sendil Kumar N (@sendilkumarn)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Jory
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Mike
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Richard

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* TC39 next week in Sunny HI

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)

* Was briefly presented at today’s CPC meeting. Example used: OSI membership.
* No concerns or objectives, the ball is in our court to create a charter and bring it to the CPC for review and approval 
* Theoretically similar to the project chartering process for project onboarding
Getting the process together and figuring it out - 
Mike: how can I help?
Myles: I’ll open a PR with the template charter, we should review and comment; I think we need true consensus before we go to the CPC for sign-off
* Discussion about ensuring the charter and the governance docs are well aligned
Mike: PRs take awhile for people to incorporate edits - can we start with a gdoc for faster iteration?
Myles we can do that esp for getting the first pass done. Let’s make a doc and drop it in teh issue
Mike: makes a link & drops it 
Jory: do the docs from /Admin have any bearing on this?
Myles: I don’t think so. Kindof seems like the working groups in Node just have governance docs. We have 90% of what the Node Admin reqs have, just a couple of things missing
Are we a working group of the CPC or a different autonomous entity?
Eemeli: I think its simplest if we are under the CPC
Myles: I think these issues would go to the CPC and only go to the board if we were unhappy with the results 
Myles: should we amend our gov. Docs and take this to the CPC?
Group: +1
Myles: I’ll take the AI

* governance: getting permission to attend meetings [#56](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/56)

* do we need to require the person to be a member / representative of the standards wg?
Should attend a standards wg meeting as requested
Should be a member of one of our project communities
Discussion of the purpose of the group (node modules wg example)
Empowering the projects to participate
The ask is for projects to report their participation
There is a bit of internal conflict; we need to be able to serve projects and provide a consistently applied process
What’s the minimum process? We shouldn’t introduce a regression.
What are the simplest steps? File an issue & tell us about it. If you want to rep the foundation that would require approval.

* Joining the Unicode Consortium [#43](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/43)

* Standards-related Travel Budget Clarification [#6](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/6)


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

