# OpenJS Foundation Standards Team Meeting 2020-01-14

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Zo9NmvgOms
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/54

## Present

* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Brian Kardell (@bkardell)
* Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Richard
* Mike Samuel


## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Brian: shares that the results from the TAG are in. David, Kenneth, Rossen were elected.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Audit membership list [#53](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/53)

Suggested cleanup of existing membership list. 14 members on the team. Culled from the list after 14 days. Myles to close issue and Jory to follow up with the 2-3 list members who haven’t been participating.

* Joining the Unicode Consortium 
[#43](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/43)

* Eemeli isn’t present; will table discussion until they are present 
* There is a cost related to membership - it would be reasonable for the proposal to find out which level we would want to join. 

* OSI Affiliate Membership [#32](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/32)
 
* We brought this up at the CPC meeting; it was well received. 
* Ref: https://opensource.org/affiliates; https://opensource.org/affiliates/about
* we would want to be Affiliate members; it is a non-profit membership. We have to apply and meet the qualifications. 
  * “Make annual contributions where possible” but there is no direct expectation for fees
* we would be able to nominate / vote for affiliate director. 
* Time sensitivity due to upcoming elections
* Group generally agrees; the idea would be that this membership would be managed through the standards wg. Foundation could execute paperwork on behalf of the group.
* Next step: Board approval

* TC-53 Participation [#24](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/24)

* Still waiting to hear back from Robin and Brian; Jory to bump again and add Donovan & Myles
* Upcoming meetings related to TC53: teleconference on 1/15 and in person meeting at the end of Feb. in TX

* Standards-related Travel Budget Clarification [#6](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/6)

* We have a $60k budget for the foundation this year, we used $30k last year. 
* Standards travel could eat in to that.
* In general we would expect companies who are members of the foundation and are sending people on behalf of their organizations to pay for their people

* On-boarding process PR [#50](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/pull/50)

* MV process


## Q&A, Other

* Calendar? Let’s give it a try.
* Note taking is a great way to get started in a standards group.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


