## Node.js Foundation User Feedback Meeting 2019-03-15

## Links

* **Recording**:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RG97WGS38SQ&t=2283s
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/137
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CVwgWsUR2c4l2pjTBmgHfFkQkQTfeQneuvFZsl6RnI4

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Dan Shaw (@dshaw)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Ahmad Nassri (@ahmadnassri)
* Mihai Ene-Pietrosanu (@mihaiep)
* Tracy Lee (@ladyleet)
* Agiri (@codeekage)

* User Feedback Members: @nodejs/user-feedback

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **user-feedback-meeting** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Individual Membership: Current and Past Members Survey [#375](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/375)

### nodejs/user-feedback

* Schedule Enterprise Feedback Group Meeting [#122](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/122)
* Node User Feedback at Meetups [#115](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/115)
* Evolving General User Feedback by hosting an online Node.js Meetup [#82](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/82)
* Public User Feedback request - Promises [#77](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/77)
* Survey for strong(er) typing [#61](https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/61)

## Q&A, Other

## Notes

* Joe Sepi: following the Node core model, done with the “New issue” template. (Good job,Joe!)
* Enterprise group meeting: April 25,2019 10AM Pacific time, Ahmad: the last step, before sending out an email, to the folks
  who expressed interest is making sure we have a blog post ready so we can point them to it and put it there; there’s a minor 
  of listing them in the repository, I will ask their permission to do so at the meeting. 
  (issue 123 https://github.com/nodejs/user-feedback/issues/123 )
* Tracy: after Ahmad will do the final review, will publish on the general Node blog (probably around 14-15 April)
* Ahmad: naming the Enterprise group (after debating): will be Enterprise focus group
* Tracy: meetups: we do have a full list of people that have agreed, 12 people: issue #115 (around the world). May 9 the first one?
* Tracy: worked on the doc: “How to run a User Feedback Session as a Meetup Organizer or Speaker” 
* Dan: our meetings for all of April would shift from our regular Friday to Thursday because to cover the Enterprise session. 
 

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

